[Serve] Add logging config doc (#41708)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/monitoring.md

For a detailed overview of logging in Ray, see [Ray Logging](configure-logging).

### Configure Serve logging 

> From ray 2.9, logging_config API is introduced to configure logging for Ray Serve. You can configure logging for Ray Serve by passing a dictionary to `logging_config` argument of `serve.run` or `@serve.deployment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Ray 2.9, the logging_config API configures logging for Ray Serve. Pass a dictionary to the `logging_config` argument of `serve.run` or `@serve.deployment`.
```

> From ray 2.9, logging_config API is introduced to configure logging for Ray Serve. You can configure logging for Ray Serve by passing a dictionary to `logging_config` argument of `serve.run` or `@serve.deployment`.

Reviewer 2: Let's please use the typed `LoggingConfig` object by default in all code examples. This makes it much easier for discoverability for folks to figure out what options are supported. `LoggingConfig` also needs to be added to the API reference.

You can then mention briefly that `LoggingConfig` can also be passed as a dictionary.

#### Configure logging format

> You can configure json logging format by passing `encoding=JSON` to `logging_config` argument `@serve.deployment`. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the JSON logging format by passing `encoding=JSON` to the `logging_config` argument of `@serve.deployment`. For example:
```

```{literalinclude} doc_code/monitoring/logging_config.py
:start-after: __json_start__
:end-before: __json_end__
:language: python
```

> In the `Model` log file, you should see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Model` log file, you should see the following:
```

```
{"levelname": "INFO", "asctime": "2023-12-07 12:59:45,271", "deployment": "Model", "replica": "default#Model#PUGBSJ", "request_id": "8d316c3b-4c9f-4769-8080-b6867ca46d1e", "route": "/", "application": "default", "message": "replica.py:719 - Started executing request 8d316c3b-4c9f-4769-8080-b6867ca46d1e"}
{"levelname": "INFO", "asctime": "2023-12-07 12:59:45,271", "deployment": "Model", "replica": "default#Model#PUGBSJ", "request_id": "8d316c3b-4c9f-4769-8080-b6867ca46d1e", "route": "/", "application": "default", "message": "replica.py:745 - __CALL__ OK 0.1ms"}
```

> #### Configure logging to a new file

Reviewer 2: I think this example is probably not necessary if `LoggingConfig` is documented in the API reference

> You can configure to use different directory for logging by passing `log_dir` to `logging_config` argument `@serve.deployment`. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure to use different directory for logging by passing `log_dir` to the `logging_config` argument of `@serve.deployment`. For example:
```

```{literalinclude} doc_code/monitoring/logging_config.py
:start-after: __logs_dir_start__
:end-before:  __logs_dir_end__
:language: python
```

> The `Model` replica log file should be at `/my_dirs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Model` replica log file should be in the `/my_dirs` directory.
```

> #### Configure logging level

Reviewer 2: Same with this one, not needed if we have the API ref

> You can configure logging level by passing `log_level` to `logging_config` argument `@serve.deployment`. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure logging level by passing `log_level` to the `logging_config` argument of `@serve.deployment`. For example:
```

```{literalinclude} doc_code/monitoring/logging_config.py
:start-after: __level_start__
:end-before:  __level_end__
:language: python
```

> The `Model` replica log file should also print `DEBUG` level message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Model` replica log file should also print `DEBUG` level messages.
```

```
INFO 2023-12-07 13:07:15,788 Model default#Model#LMqLpq f16c2ddb-9b4a-4a05-9b22-7d48f4ee51f1 / default replica.py:719 - Started executing request f16c2ddb-9b4a-4a05-9b22-7d48f4ee51f1
DEBUG 2023-12-07 13:07:15,788 Model default#Model#LMqLpq f16c2ddb-9b4a-4a05-9b22-7d48f4ee51f1 / default logging_config.py:26 - this is debug message
INFO 2023-12-07 13:07:15,788 Model default#Model#LMqLpq f16c2ddb-9b4a-4a05-9b22-7d48f4ee51f1 / default replica.py:745 - __CALL__ OK 0.1ms
```

> #### Disable access log

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note above where we describe the access log that it can be disabled with this option?

> You can also disable access log by passing `disable_access_log=True` to `logging_config` argument `@serve.deployment`. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also disable the access log by passing `disable_access_log=True` to the `logging_config` argument of `@serve.deployment`. For example:
```

```{literalinclude} doc_code/monitoring/logging_config.py
:start-after: __enable_access_log_start__
:end-before:  __enable_access_log_end__
:language: python
```

> The `Model` replica log file doesn't include serve traffic log, you should only see your application log in the log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Model` replica log file doesn't include the Serve traffic log. You should only see the application log in the log file.
```

```
INFO 2023-12-07 13:15:07,979 Model default#Model#LhNrRV 8c5fcdb2-87a0-46ed-b2f8-9336280c9c3d / default logging_config.py:50 - hello world
```

#### Configure logging in different deployments and applications

> You can also configure logging at the application level by passing `logging_config` to `serve.run`. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure logging at the application level by passing `logging_config` to `serve.run`. For example:
```

```{literalinclude} doc_code/monitoring/logging_config.py
:start-after: __application_and_deployment_start__
:end-before:  __application_and_deployment_end__
:language: python
```

> In Router log file, you should see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Router log file, you should see the following:
```

```
INFO 2023-12-07 14:18:18,811 Router default#Router#iNdKWL 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884 / default replica.py:719 - Started executing request 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884
DEBUG 2023-12-07 14:18:18,811 Router default#Router#iNdKWL 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884 / default logging_config.py:68 - this is debug message from router
```

> In the Model log file, you should see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Model log file, you should see the following:
```

```
INFO 2023-12-07 14:18:18,821 Model default#Model#AHYvjY 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884 / default replica.py:719 - Started executing request 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884
DEBUG 2023-12-07 14:18:18,821 Model default#Model#AHYvjY 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884 / default logging_config.py:75 - this is debug message from model
INFO 2023-12-07 14:18:18,821 Model default#Model#AHYvjY 6fe398fa-17d6-4abe-8264-d69c12aa9884 / default replica.py:745 - __CALL__ OK 0.1ms
```

> When you set `logging_config` at the application level, it will be applied to all deployments in the application. When you set `logging_config` at the deployment level at the same time, the deployment level configuration will override the application level configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set `logging_config` at the application level, Ray Serve applies it to all deployments in the application. When you set `logging_config` at the deployment level at the same time, the deployment level configuration overrides the application level configuration.
```

#### Configure logging for serve components

> You can also update logging configuration similar above to serve components by passing `system_logging_config` to `serve.start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also update the logging configuration to the Serve components by passing `system_logging_config` to `serve.start`, similar to the above example.
```

> You can also update logging configuration similar above to serve components by passing `system_logging_config` to `serve.start`.

Reviewer 2: specify specifically that this applies to the controller and proxy

Author: replace "serve components" to "serve controller and proxies".
